docs: updated instructions on how to download vocoder (#703)
EveryVoiceTTS/EveryVoice: docs/guides/custom.md

## Step 6: Select a Vocoder

> So you don't need to train your own vocoder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You do not need to train your own vocoder.
```

> EveryVoice is also compatible out-of-the-box with the UNIVERSAL_V1 HiFiGAN checkpoint from [the official HiFiGAN implementation](https://github.com/jik876/hifi-gan?tab=readme-ov-file#pretrained-model), which is very good quality. You can find the EveryVoice-compatible version of this checkpoint [here](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1ya0U4K2d26DoJamg96cEynMJ1w1Tm8nU?usp=sharing).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
EveryVoice is compatible out-of-the-box with the UNIVERSAL_V1 HiFiGAN checkpoint from [the official HiFiGAN implementation](https://github.com/jik876/hifi-gan?tab=readme-ov-file#pretrained-model), which is very good quality. You can find the EveryVoice-compatible version of this checkpoint [here](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1ya0U4K2d26DoJamg96cEynMJ1w1Tm8nU?usp=sharing).
```

> You can download the checkpoint by following the link above, or you can download it using the command line with [gdown](https://pypi.org/project/gdown/). First ensure that you have _gdown_ installed, you can install with `pip install gdown`. Then to download the checkpoint you can run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can download the checkpoint by following the link above, or you can download it using the command line with [gdown](https://pypi.org/project/gdown/). First ensure that you have _gdown_ installed; you can install it with `pip install gdown`. Then to download the checkpoint you can run:
```
